# What I practiced in this exercise was:

1. Accumulated patterns, which means starting the function with declaring a variable as an empty string, which could be later reassigned and will be used for the return statement.
2. Storing the result in a global array, meaning, declaring a variable in the global scope (not inside the function) and assigning to it an empty array. The way to make sure the result will be printed as an array is using the push method inside the function with the name of the global array.
3. Passing functions into another function: in order to capitalize both values of both parameters I declared two variables and assigned functions to them, which are called function expressions. In those I only wrote the return statement with the method for capitalizing, using the parameters' names. I then reassigned the empty string variable using string interpolation with the two variables that contained the function expressions. The return statement only had the name of the reassigned variable (with the string interpolation).
4. Next, I used a function call in my main function. After declaring two variables (one for each parameter), I assigned to them the same function call (of the function I created with the capitalizing method). Since that second function is general, I could use it for both parameters.
5. Switch statement in a function: in the last exercise I had many conditions for different results, and I used a switch statement to determine the return value accordingly. Switch statements work like if statements, but in certain cases are better to use. For example, when several inputs should have the same return statement.